look at her Charles she's so darling I
know but there's one thing we need to do
what buy a house now I think you're
right we need to buy a house loose wake
up loose loose fine have it your way now
open up already life is so much better
before mom died I don't care get ready
for school all right I really hope she's
okay I don't want to school hey Luce oh
great barf bag come a little closer
what well we have a little counter here
you're blocking my path so what oh
you're in a bad mood we'll see about
that later at the house loose loose
loose up what happened you're not gonna
fight again passed out I think it's
today we need to skip school okay
this ad I need to tell you what
please I'm getting married what you're
getting married dad can I make your life
any easier I know loose but it's time we
move on but I remember i'll never forget
mom no one can replace them all you know
it this don't worry you'll be okay it
won't it'll be okay the wedding this
when's the wedding tomorrow that I would
do it just the way life is gonna be
heavy sorry I'm gonna go get her
tape head
in the tape what a nice day oh my gosh a
bluebird that's her mom died I tripped
off the cliff no why
honey her shoes great here comes the
bride